doc: matter: add page about configuring the CD (#10696)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/attestation.rst

Providing device with Device Attestation data
*********************************************

To pass the Device Attestation procedure, a Matter device that wants to join a Matter fabric must include two sets of information required for the Device Attestation procedure: factory data and Certification Declaration.
Both need to be provided by the manufacturer.

Getting preliminary Device Attestation data
===========================================

The manufacturer needs to get the following information from CSA:

* Vendor ID (VID) - a unique 16-bit number that identifies the manufacturer.
  This can be obtained from CSA when the manufacturer becomes one of `Connectivity Standards Alliance members`_.
* Certification Declaration (CD) - |matter_cd_definition|.
  Until you obtain the CD from CSA, you can use a generic CD for testing purposes during the commissioning.

> After the manufacturer obtains Certification Declaration, it can be provided directly to the device, because it is not part of the factory data.

Reviewer: I do not quite get this sentence. What does it mean directly to the device and why the reason for it is that it's not part of factory data? I would not compare CD to factory data at all and write something like this:

```suggestion
After the manufacturer obtains Certification Declaration, it can be provided to the device with the new firmware version, for example using the Device Firmware Upgrade functionality.
```

  It is used to create the DAC of the device and is provided with the factory data.

Verifier
  The Verifier itself is not a part of the DAC, although it is included in the factory data.
  See `Requirements for secured communication`_.

Certification Declaration
  This is |matter_cd_definition|.
  It contains a series of information required for Device Attestation, including Vendor ID, Certificate ID, certification type, optional information related to DAC, and other.
  CD is included in the attestation information packet send by the commissionee during the `Device Attestation procedure`_.

  .. note::
      The CD information is not located in the factory data, but in the application itself.

>       This is because the CD information can change after the certification when you perform a device software update.

Reviewer: The CD basically always changes if the software version changed and was re-certified. How about:
```suggestion
      This is because the CD changes after the new software version re-certification and it is applied to the device when you perform a device software update. 
```
